Model ID: ibm-mistralai/mixtral-8x7b-instruct-v01-q

## Reasoning

1. The `@Stateless` annotation is a part of Java EE and is not used in Quarkus. It should be removed and replaced with a Quarkus-specific annotation, such as `@ApplicationScoped` or `@RequestScoped`. However, since the `ProductService` class does not have any state, we can remove the annotation entirely.
2. The `CatalogService` is being injected using the `@Inject` annotation. This annotation is part of the Java CDI (Contexts and Dependency Injection) specification, which is also a part of Java EE. In Quarkus, we can use the `@Inject` annotation as well, but we need to make sure that the `CatalogService` is properly registered as a bean.
3. The `CatalogService` is being used to retrieve `CatalogItemEntity` objects, which are then transformed into `Product` objects using the `toProduct` method from the `Transformers` class. In Quarkus, we can use the `MapStruct` library to perform this transformation automatically.

## Updated File

```java
package com.redhat.coolstore.service;

import com.redhat.coolstore.model.CatalogItemEntity;
import com.redhat.coolstore.model.Product;
import com.redhat.coolstore.transformers.Transformers;

import java.util.List;
import java.util.stream.Collectors;

@ApplicationScoped
public class ProductService {

    private CatalogService cm;

    public ProductService(CatalogService cm) {
        this.cm = cm;
    }

    public List<Product> getProducts() {
        return cm.getCatalogItems().stream().map(Transformers.ToProduct::transform).collect(Collectors.toList());
    }

    public Product getProductByItemId(String itemId) {
        CatalogItemEntity entity = cm.getCatalogItemById(itemId);
        if (entity == null)
            return null;

        // Return the entity
        return Transformers.ToProduct.transform(entity);
    }

}

```

## Additional Information

1. We have removed the `@Stateless` annotation and replaced it with `@ApplicationScoped`. This annotation indicates that the `ProductService` is a singleton bean that is created only once per application.
2. We have removed the no-argument constructor and added a constructor that takes a `CatalogService` argument. This is because Quarkus uses constructor-based dependency injection.
3. We have added a `private` field for the `CatalogService` and initialized it in the constructor.
4. We have removed the `static` import for the `toProduct` method and replaced it with a non-static import for the `Transformers` class. This is because we are now using the `MapStruct` library to perform the transformation.
5. We have updated the `getProducts` method to use the `transform` method from the `ToProduct` interface in the `Transformers` class. This interface is generated by `MapStruct` and is used to perform the transformation.
6. We have updated the `getProductByItemId` method to use the `transform` method from the `ToProduct` interface in the `Transformers` class. This interface is generated by `MapStruct` and is used to perform the transformation.
7. We have added the `Transformers` class to the import section.

Note: The `CatalogService` class is not provided in the input information, so we assume that it is properly registered as a bean in Quarkus. If it is not, we need to register it as a bean in the `Application.java` file or in a `beans.xml` file.